---
title: 'GOLEM STATEMENT OF FAITH'
slug: 'golem-statement-of-faith'
snippet: "We believe that God our heavenly father the creator of\nmankind is LOVE"
featured: false
publishedDate: "2025-01-03T16:30:00.518Z"
author: '63b489039d2d07acac27d4bd'
status: 'published'
---

## GOLEM Statement of Faith

**Love**

We believe that God our heavenly father the creator of
mankind is LOVE and He has called all His redeemed children to walk in love in
His footsteps by allowing His love to shine through us. In doing so, we can
become a blessing to fellow humans regardless of their race, ethnicity, colour,
religion and sexuality. Our motto is therefore: Love, Liberty and Justice.

 

**Salvation**

We believe we are saved through faith in the finished
redemptive work of Jesus Christ on the cross of Calvary. Through repentance and
faith, sinners are regenerated by the power of the Holy Spirit, made partakers
of the divine nature, and become children of God and heirs of the Kingdom of
Heaven.

 

**Work of the Holy Spirit**

We believe in the Baptism of the Holy Spirit as an
experience after salvation, speaking in tongues may be a manifestation of this
gift. This Baptism of the Holy Spirit enhances the believer’s ability to
witness about Jesus Christ. 

 

**Sanctification**

We believe it is the will of God that each believer
should be sanctified wholly, being separated from sin and the world, fully
dedicated to the will of God and living a life of obedience to the Holy
Scriptures.

 

**Good Works**

We believe Christians are saved by Jesus Christ to do
good works. Whilst Good works itself is a sign of faith in Jesus Christ, it is
not sufficient for redemption. Human salvation has been fully purchased by the
sacrificial blood of our Lord Jesus Christ shed on the cross of Calvary.

 

**The Return of Christ**

We believe in the personal return of our Lord Jesus
Christ to set up His Kingdom and rule over the saints of God and the World at a
time and date in future that he has determined. Those believers who have died
before his return will be resurrected to reign with him in his Kingdom.

 

**Judgement of Mankind**

We will all stand under the righteous judgement of God.
The righteous will dwell in an eternal state of rewards and endless life in
heaven, and the wicked will exist in endless punishment of hell.

 

**Public Worship**

We believe in the importance of the assembling of
believers for the purpose of worship. We believe the worship of God should be
spiritual, inspirational, 

Rational, fruitful and orderly.
